Add PyStructSequence_UnnamedField constant (#5892)
PyO3/pyo3: newsfragments/5892.added.md

> Add `PyStructSequence_UnnamedField` constant. The string remains the same as of 3.10.

Reviewer: Not sure what "same as of 3.10 means", maybe something like below if you take my suggestion of not supporting for 3.7 / 3.8.

```suggestion
Add FFI definition `PyStructSequence_UnnamedField` constant on Python 3.9 and up (or 3.11 with abi3 features).
```
